spark.serializer.KryoSerializer, spark.reducer.maxSizeInFlight: 72m, 
spark.serializer.KryoSerializer, spark.shuffle.compress: false, 
spark.memory.storageFraction: 0.3, spark.reducer.maxSizeInFlight: 24m, 
spark.memory.storageFraction: 0.3, spark.shuffle.file.buffer: 16k, 
spark.memory.storageFraction: 0.3, spark.shuffle.compress: false, 
spark.memory.storageFraction: 0.3, spark.rdd.compress: true, 
spark.memory.storageFraction: 0.1, spark.reducer.maxSizeInFlight: 24m, 
spark.memory.storageFraction: 0.1, spark.shuffle.file.buffer: 48k, 
spark.memory.storageFraction: 0.1, spark.shuffle.compress: false, 
spark.memory.storageFraction: 0.7, spark.reducer.maxSizeInFlight: 72m, 
spark.memory.storageFraction: 0.7, spark.reducer.maxSizeInFlight: 24m, 
spark.memory.storageFraction: 0.7, spark.shuffle.file.buffer: 48k, 
spark.memory.storageFraction: 0.7, spark.shuffle.compress: false, 
spark.memory.storageFraction: 0.7, spark.shuffle.io.preferDirectBufs: false, 
spark.reducer.maxSizeInFlight: 72m, spark.shuffle.file.buffer: 48k, 
spark.reducer.maxSizeInFlight: 72m, spark.shuffle.file.buffer: 16k, 
spark.reducer.maxSizeInFlight: 72m, spark.shuffle.compress: false, 
spark.reducer.maxSizeInFlight: 72m, spark.io.compression.codec: lzf, 
spark.reducer.maxSizeInFlight: 72m, spark.rdd.compress: true, 
spark.reducer.maxSizeInFlight: 24m, spark.shuffle.file.buffer: 48k, 
spark.reducer.maxSizeInFlight: 24m, spark.shuffle.compress: false, 
spark.reducer.maxSizeInFlight: 24m, spark.rdd.compress: true, 
spark.shuffle.file.buffer: 16k, spark.shuffle.compress: false, 
spark.shuffle.file.buffer: 16k, spark.rdd.compress: true, 
spark.shuffle.compress: false, spark.io.compression.codec: lzf, 
spark.shuffle.compress: false, spark.rdd.compress: true, 
spark.shuffle.compress: false, spark.shuffle.io.preferDirectBufs: false, 
spark.rdd.compress: true, spark.shuffle.io.preferDirectBufs: false, 
